I have learnt many things regarding confirmation and had a good collaboration with the team in this year.
Bug Fixes and Enhancements
Fixed a bug for FXNDF position wrapper while it was checking LATAM currency and non-deliverable attributes.
Added test cases for these attributes.
Enhanced Deemed Neg Confirmation for FXO to send the details to Drum to update confirm type and status.
Added Waiver Exclusion Hours and SMC CP details.
Learned how Drum status updates are triggered based on values.
Updated FXO code to reflect user changes in Rcxml confirmations, ensuring manual updates are captured.
Learned the reason why it was not updating as it was not using the similar base code as the other LOB'S.
BAU Stories and Support
Worked on BAU stories related to templates.
Been in the support which has taught to better understand the workflow cycle and processes.
Fixed a failed job (e.g., ges_feed job), made template changes, code updates.
Template Updates
Made changes to templates such as FXOBarriers, FXFVA, and FXOption for:
Generating expected fallback survey paragraphs.
Updating collateral amounts.
Learnt few more template works in this time too with the help of team.
Resolved issues for VSW and SWP trades with missing fields, ensuring successful datalink messaging when users enter fields manually, which given some better idea about feed errors.
OPEX Contributions
Added and updated columns in the board:
Included the Cpty Type column and removed duplicate Book Region.
Created new containers for Affirmation, Conformability, Chasing and Issuance task priority logic.
Added logic for the Ultimate Parent column, logic for auto priority updation for all chasing tasks.
Learned to fetch values from Cesium and use DAG functions.
Affirmation Workflow Improvements
Enhanced functionality for all Affirmation tasks:
Added definitions for Trade Date, Product, Entity, Event Type, and Admin ID columns.
Updated edit/close functionality to prevent confirmation status updates in Drum.
Populated Affirmation workflow values for columns with different Instigating Data Objects.
Chasing Workflow Implementation
Built an email panel similar to Affirmation:
Learned about the Chasing workflow.
Implemented functionality for replying, replying all, forwarding, and attaching files to emails.
Added an insert template feature to automate email population for selected templates.
DFX Metrics Sheet
Took responsibility for preparing the DFX metrics sheet for teams Vajra and Garnet.
SBE and Dev Signoff
Learned the significance of and development signoffs for generating new logic outputs.
